#summary A Copy of the ReadMe text.

Folders:
src\           - contains the source code. also the makefile to create the mingw version of the library.
src\ddk_build\ - contains the makefile and sources file to compile with the microsoft ddk's build utility (in the WinXP Free Build Environment)
bin\mingw\     - header file and mingw compiled library
bin\ddk_build\ - header file and ddk's build compiled library

Using the Wiimote API:
In addition to linking the wiimote-api library, you must also link to the hid library. For GCC, use "-lhid" as an option. For the build utility, make sure you have $(SDK_LIB_PATH)\hid.lib in your TARGETLIBS macro.

ConnectWiimote() takes in a device path. A program must find a device path, the easiest way is currently to use the windows setupapi to obtain it. I may include something in the library to get a device path, but I am currently hesitant because Wiimotes show up only as generic HIDs which could easily be something else.
Refer to http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms789877.aspx

WiiM_ProcessEvent() will pull an HID report from the Wiimote and try to process it using any keymappings currently set. If IR is currently enabled (by the api), then ProcessEvent will send mouse events which vary depending on which toggle was used. The function times out in if no event is found within about 100ms

WiiM_ProcessAndGetReport() is the same as ProcessEvent except it also writes the report to the array passed to it.

WiiM_MapKeys()   - not yet implemented

WiiM_TogRumble() - toggles rumble
WiiM_TogLED()    - toggles an LED given an index (from 0 - 3)
WiiM_TogIR_Abs() - toggles IR to let the Wiimote control the mouse with IR (Requires a sensor bar to be on). Currently it only uses one dot, so it could be run on just one IR source.

WiiM_CloseConn() - closes the connection to the wiimote. 



This library is provided AS-IS with no warranty. It sends data to your Wiimote. I currently don't have anything that touches the calibration data, but it's still writing data when enabling the IR, so it could somehow brick it. Use it at your o
